LAS VEGAS—Not long after the billionaire casino mogul Steve Wynn opened his flagship Wynn Las Vegas in 2005, a manicurist who worked there arrived at the on-site salon visibly distressed following an appointment in Mr. Wynn’s office.
Sobbing, she told a colleague Mr. Wynn had forced her to have sex, and she repeated that to others later.
Steve Wynn denied allegations of sexual harassment, stating the idea that he ever assaulted any woman is preposterous.
He told the Journal his fortune is valued at about $3.7 billion, most of it in Wynn shares.
The Wall Street Journal reported Wynn Resorts Ltd. shares sank more than 8 percent after claims he sexually harassed numerous women over many years.
The newspaper said Wynn paid $7.5 million to settle claims from a former manicurist who alleged he pressured her to have sex.
The Journal contacted over 150 people who worked with the casino magnate.
Steve Wynn Photographer: Jerome Favre/Bloomberg.
The allegations affected a company whose reputation is tied to its founder, who starred in TV commercials with Frank Sinatra.
Wynn Resorts fell as much as 8.2 percent to $184.13 in New York, the biggest drop since July 2017.
The company did not respond to a request for comment.
The Republican National Committee, which urged the Democratic National Committee to return donations from Harvey Weinstein when he was accused of sexual assault, also did not respond.
Ronna McDaniel tweeted that returning Weinstein’s money should be a no-brainer if the DNC stands up for women.
The legal settlement detailed by the Journal became a focus of a lawsuit between Wynn and his ex-wife Elaine Wynn, who seeks control of her 9 percent stake.
Wynn has tried to maintain control of the company after losing Mirage Resorts to Kirk Kerkorian.
Matt Maddox, Wynn’s second-in-command, is the heir apparent at Wynn Resorts.
Maddox rose from vice president of investor relations to president.
Robert J. Miller is the lead director of the board.
Both Maddox and Miller did not respond to requests for comment.
Wynn Resorts generates over 70 percent of its business in Macau.
The company plans to develop the next phase of the $4.2 billion Wynn Palace there.
It also announced a new 2,500-room property near Las Vegas Boulevard and is building a new hotel, convention, and lake resort behind its existing properties.
Jennifer Epstein assisted with the report.